To Do:

    //just provide interface
    //people can cap inject and do their thing

    Update IssueTemplate/Contributing
    elytra wind sound
    check durability of right item being taken away
    test on servers

    tone down y-level param a little
    enforce config sync from server to client for non-visual options

    check rocket boosting works
    german translation PR

    check @Celtic PM discord for feedback
    check reddit teaser and mod release pages for feedback

    remove ability to not hold glider

    secret naussica model for glider?

    damage based on fall distance already (so hurt yourself if you are falling super far and hang glide to stop), and make it smoother motion?

    Test gradle forge version updates

    gradle api built

    add API-way to change rendering (so other mods can alter it)
        startGliderRenderEvent?

    - Refine CF page

    Make jsons extend from base_glider.json and base_glider_broken, etc.

    BUGS:

    NOW:


    LATER:

        DEFINITE:
            JEI for repair (and for info b/c why not)
            Durability depends on blocks traveled, not time in the air (intelligent durability usage)
            Sturdy glider crafted w/ elytra, invulnerable to wind
                New model
            Release for 1.11
        MAYBE:
            Longer hold shift the faster you go?
            Collision redirect (so hit a tree in midair and you turn)?
            Air currents? Forward/backward/up/down momentum?
                3D wind
            Make model for bars hanging down.
            Add tiers of gliders?
            Blow up the item perspective in fpp of wings to be huge?
            add red/white dye to recipes?
            Enchants only specific ones possible
            Investigate shift and "[player] moved wrongly"
            Non-instant deployment time?
            Multiple gliders oddness (transferring from one to another directly, need UUIDs for deployed)
            "broken" texture doesn't always update in-hand

    EVENTUAL FEATURES:
        Add enable transparent glider in FPP by wrapping entire render model code in enable blend GL call.
            See how easy it will be to do, if it is trivial then sure, why not

    BALANCE:




